[Music]
Hello my dear lovers of the
heart, how are you? On this occasion I
wanted to comment and remember the
monumental disappointment that Antonio David has had
since his last live broadcast, both
to Rocío Carrasco and to the entire team
at the TV factory. You know that
recently we were commenting here on the
company lunch and dinner that they had and
then the after-party and they were
at a party in a place, everyone
there dancing together, making the little
train. Well, pay attention to these
words with which
Antonio David says goodbye in his live broadcast, you
know how this is the last hour
of the
hobbit, Unai, wear a mask
and if you have to have company lunches, dinners,
and family gatherings,
don't make the little train, little train.
No.
And if we make three, I need to, we do it
with masks. Family, I
send you a kiss. I thank you from the bottom of my
heart.
In addition to these, it is also worth highlighting
this phrase that he said after
that pill is taken out, let's call it little pills. It is
also worth highlighting this other one:
kisses to the tide of blue and kisses
to those who are not part of the
tide but they follow me the same way
and it's that in case you haven't noticed
or in case you don't remember I don't know if we
were commenting on it in a live
maybe we forgot to give this
news among so much and it's that in the
last sálvame deluxe Jorge Javier and
Belén Rodríguez joked with and that
before she hadn't uploaded a video she will make
another video for us then tomorrow
joking with Antonella Bino's YouTube channel
and that is a sign that
they are very
aware of what she talks about, what she
exposes, what she says, what
Antonio David Flores tells us so this
farewell I think is dedicated to
them what do you think of you family don't
forget to subscribe to the channel we are already on
the way to 50,000 we are growing
very fast on this channel and I send you a
huge hug
[Music]